# CRUD_MONGODB

One can write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by focusing on efficient and well commented code that is also modular. An example of modularity in this project is the CRUD Python file that handles creating, reading, updating, and deleting documents in a MongoDB database. This file was created, then used to interact with a database through a dashboard that was interactive and updated widgets like a table, map, and pie chart. The advantages of working like this could be efficiency and simplicity, as making sure the core of a project works is important so other components are built off of the base potentially correctly. This file could also be used for a variety of applications, someone could use this file manually, through a web app like in this project, or potentially even automatically to process data. One can approach a problem as a computer scientist by breaking down the project into simpler components, understanding the requirements, and then coding the solution. One way that I approached this project was by working incrementally, checking the requirements often, and trying to make sure that not only the program works but that it matches with the requirements. I could probably use strategies like breaking down problems into simpler components in the future. Computer scientists solve problems through code, this matters as many things are becoming automated, more efficient, and innovative. This work on projects like this could help companies simplify their databases, leading to some potentially non technical people being able to create, read, update, and delete some database items.
